> You are on the right track but still missing some nuance. First of all we have the attack configuration dataasset which holds the 
moveset already (container for Arrays of attack data i believe). This is something to note when deciding how to use existing system. More
 importantly, you are still referencing some elements that we have since deprecated, "ComboWindow" in particular is no longer a part of 
the project. We have adopted a no dropped inputs philosophy such that we always collect inputs and simply decide what to do with them 
based on timing, context and attack phase. We use attack phase to determine if a valid attack input should be played and when. Any input 
made during the current animation can trigger the next animation in the combo. It is a forgiving system. If you input attack during the 
windup, or active phases, then that input is queued until the end of the active phase (beginning of recovery) when it then executes 
interrupting the current animation and blending to the next combo animation. If valid attack input is pressed (and released) during the 
recovery phase, it interrupts the current animation immediately and progresses to the next combo animation with blending. If the current 
attack phase is none, then the default attack should be the next attack played in response to attack input. In none phase (or idle 
state), attack inputs are executed immediately while respecting animation blending so as not to cause blend artifacts if phase has 
changed but animation does not reflect that change yet. Do you understand this? The only contexts where this logic can be contravened 
occurs during cancel windows where attacks can be cancelled into other actions depending on the cancellable actions list of the 
cancelwindow which only allows inputs included in that list to interrupt the current attack or action. We activate hold logic by checking
 to see if matching attack input was pressed prior to the hold_start event (animnotify) and if so, we execute the proper next action 
(charge attack path for heavy attacks freeze and directional followup on release for light attacks). These occur only if the hold input 
is held for the entirety of the blendin time (until charge loop anim blend is finished for heavies or until animplayrate == 0 for 
lights). Please ensure you enshrine this logic and check it against documentation logic and if there is a discrepancy, update and fix it 